# CS305

In this class we had to create a security plan for Artemis Financial as they were looking for requirements that were server/user friendly, ecnrypted, secure coded.  Artemis Financial is a company that is a financial consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for savings, retirement, investments, and insurance for their patrons.  They deal with alot of money transfers and having the transfers secure and protected so they can perform their job perfectly with zero problems.  It is important to code securley as it narrows the limit of failures and bugs that can occur when performing transactions or what not.  It makes it clean for the user and clean for the backend to patch any errors that occur.  I ensured the code to be secured by creating a certificate authorization that helped create what seems like a barrier of defense from attackers and ran a checksum to see what errors are being occured so that I could silent those to let the program run the way it was intended. Vulnerabilites were a big part of fixing and silenting within the code as when we ran the checksum we could findi out what vulnerabilites were being populated and we could address and fix it from there. In this particular class the one thing I want to be able to take away and show an employer is the ability to create a secure code line while at the same time creating a CA to ensure that the code with be safe and create a layer of security that some places dont have and that I have the ability to understand the conepets of cybersecuryty and develop skills from there. 
